UI: Added  DateTime of Event on the Client Side in the User's Timezone (#2339)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/changelog/ocaml/2024-04-16-ocaml-5.2.0-beta2.md

  
  ### Documentation Updates
  
  - [#13078](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml/issues/13078): update Format tutorial on structural boxes to mention alignment
    questions.
    (Edwin Török, review by Florian Angeletti)
  
  - [#13092](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml/issues/13092): document the existence of the `[@@poll error]` built-in attribute
    (Florian Angeletti, review by Gabriel Scherer)

  - [#13066](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml/issues/13066), update OCAMLRUNPARAM documentation for the stack size parameter l
    (Florian Angeletti, review by Nicolás Ojeda Bär, Tim McGilchrist, and
     Miod Vallat)
 ---

Last week, we merged an update to the compiler-libs "shape" API for querying definition information from the compiler.

Unfortunately, this small change of API breaks compatibility with at least odoc.
Generally, we try to avoid this kind of changes during the beta releases of the
compiler. However, after discussions we concluded that it will be easier on the
long term to fix the API right now in order to avoid multiplying the number of
supported versions of the shape API in the various OCaml developer tools .

> We have thus released a second beta version of OCaml 5.2.0 to give the time to developer tools to update their 5.2.0 version ahead of the release (see below for the installation instructions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have thus released a second beta version of OCaml 5.2.0, so there will be time for the developer tools to update their 5.2.0 version ahead of the release (see below for the installation instructions).
```

I'm a little confused by this sentence. Does the above suggestion capture what you mean?

> Beyond this changes of API, the new beta contains three more bug fixes and three

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond these API changes, the new beta contains three more bug fixes and three
```
